hi all users spaceshames are
doctor white I'm here today with a video
so scared of customers
after a pretty full week
passed on and honey stage 15 la
review out the found in home
page on spazioogames.it we are here with a
new year video new glitches though
then the clichet similar to that of the year
last because many people already have
started having a market gain
over 40 million high
credits without playing games and without
have the players because best rose 0
to say that they do n't even have a rose
what is quite strange but mass
accustomed because already last year
there had been these problems already
reported in a video as I discovered
I discovered all this because
reading on twitter I followed the boss
ex cap should I say of last of bnl that
it was a site that helped kids do
understand why it marked you
price trends during the
weeks so he has a curve ahead
what he says but when prices went up
and when the prices went down he has
wrote this yesterday that there is a glitch
which is affecting the xbox market
so playstation market is not touched
and reported it between reinforcements and vi
I invite you to bring it back too
electronics to which there is this gleacher
who are made to know that there are these
people would only need a screen of
market profits of the first and hope that
they do something eventually not
are real profiles because nobody a
these gamertags that are those that you
damage as soon as you start playing on xbox
live so they are ruining this
play another one again
honestly he wasn't undoing me
food 15 because in any case the sale
I grew quite easily
I'm doing it with the players in shape
a method that is practically equal to
the one from our son is version 2
then of last year's method
take the information and make some use of the
market, however, we will talk more about it
in-depth in a new video was made
quite well but this way loses
however a little taste to do just the
basic intent
it's not trying to make money
money honestly other things than
this first month of play to me
personally I'm not feeling that much
momentum and I want to say I don't have
noticed the moment one by one a moment
so strong then maybe there are those
matches where normal but not
certainly as strong as other years
I noticed however that defenses are still from
is also the goalkeepers register
a little something is not good because it really is
easy for agile players to aim the
leads directly from the kick-off
if you are good at dribbling
went to the door quietly then
I still hope in a patch that the first one
it's not been a month of play though I am
already three weeks has not yet arrived
hope for the best
I want to be confident about a judgment
more bad I'll wait for next month
so we'll be back in November with
these videos then update since
I ask you your experience then
tell me what you have in your hands
weeks I have already asked on facebook not
I want to ask you for it you can
still save this game in my opinion
still confirm my 8 why
a drop of beautiful things and other things
a little less too alone it is right to have
it is not in b and campo vinci that he took
name however is an excellent soccer game
I think it's nicer than 14 in every
case as we have done today if you see
released bligh competitors registered on
channel we will see you soon
Hi everyone